Today I wrote too much and was caught by the five frames.
Chufeng, how did you make him suddenly push you?
So awesome.
You are simple, I just need to write about the past.
That's awesome. I can't help what happened just now.
I couldn't follow your instructions.
I have to ask you that we are a team and it’s okay.
If you really feel sorry, go and help me.
I will make a first weapon to defend against the mountain,
Otherwise my little English and his.
Okay, I'm sorry, I'll develop it for you.
I have to ask you what happened to us. Are you the sister who came out?
That's what you should be doing. Thanks
What are you going to draw again?
Draw another weapon
Have you contracted the same love?
These are two different weapons
Tell him you'll see him later
You told Chu Chu about it too
If we don't finish, I'll die in peace, it's just us, I know
I'm going to fry pies
You don't know how tough a newcomer Paizi is?
But not yet but
Your boss knows
The two of us are fighting for something difficult
Let him give up his plan to become a vice-president
Stop talking about us
Even him
You've been doing this for a long time
Do you want to tell Chu Chu?
Since it’s the same person who uploaded it
Just like him